So in other cases, I told you how we can create a event and everything.
So now I will go with some fast methods.
I'm going to tell you.
So for these end our completely and for the admin part for the creation of event and everything inside
this, I'm going to deploy all things as I told you.
So first, we need to create one registration of our participants.
First I'm going to create one HTML register in HTML.
So as I told you, the in the partnership participants event, there is one view event also.
So let us deal with the view event for I don't want to go to the HTML part.
I want to display everything inside the Java only.
I'm going to create every form of starting HTML tag with the ending of the body tag.
I want to create display the HTML page through the Java only.
For that purpose I'm going to create one servlet view event.
One html.
Oh sorry.
Event one dot java.
For that purpose, I created this subnet.
So after this, I told you.
I already told you how we can go with this.
So for this purpose, you can go in with this part first, outdoor, out-of-print, and then everything.
And with the body.
So you can create in one single tag also like plus and then concatenate all the strings inside one statement.
But for the simplicity, I would consider different different statements.
It will not change your HTML or anything.
It will remain the same.
Then with the Oracle database, I'm setting this all the connections and everything.
Then create statements.
I'm getting the statements.
So for the viewing, the data from the event database, I'm going to use statements select start from
event, which is basically event details.
So after that event details, it will.
Jake.
Every event details your event details, it's printing.
So I'm going to show in the tabular form.
So using the CSS, I need to improve this.
Also, you can improve your CSS things you are.
But for the simplicity, I'm going to use your table simply so these simple table table border with
one with turn everything I'm specifying here so no need to worry about this is one and how I can proceed
with this.
It will take care of all the border things.
Then these are some titles.
Event number.
Event name.
Even name then coordinator.
Coordinator, contact.
And I removed this part also because.
It will take more space coordinator contact fees when you do it so you can add more fields like guest
speaker and everything you can add image part.
Also there you have to upload the image of something.
You can use different parts like that.
You can create some cookies to store passwords and everything data.
So there are more things you can search and put inside this, but I'm doing the basic things inside
this.
So.
As these are done what is while r.p.
So this is executing.
So I want to display each and everything inside this event table or event database.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a report next as this loop is endless.
This will not end at all.
R.P dot next until we reach the end part.
This is the end of this database.
This is the last line of this database.
It will end the file loop.
So for this, what is going to eat us?
It's going to fetch in them.
What is in here?
Even number.
But how it while showing them all the significance of enemies.
The enum is the similar character name or we can see similar that variable name which I used for the
stored event number inside.
Database.
So always remember these names are very significant.
Always remember what you gave on that school run school command line to create database.
It's very important.
Then I'm going to do this and I'm going to print inside the rows directly and I'm going to insert that
rows, then connection commit.
I'm committing this connection, I'm closing this connection, I'm ending all the tags which I invoked
already with table and everything.
And these are the so this is for the event or view event for admin part similar part I'm going to show
on the participant part.
Also, you can create one another method or you can hide something so you can hide some coordinator
number or anything.
But I want to show everything to the publicly for the participants.
So these are done.
But for the participants, I'm going to show the two things for the participants.
What?
I'm going to show two things.
One is view.
Second is registration for the registration HTML.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to create another one form for which action register.
So register is basically the Java servlet name to register their all things like event number, event
name, card number, expiry date, CVB, etc. etc..
So you can include this also.
Otherwise, you can put the view event as another.
You can create one another servlet to show the event.
In that other part, you can create one event, register button there, and after that clicking it will
proceed for the registration page also.
So I'm creating one simple scenario of the form.
Because I'm using the CSS and everything, it will take time to check everything, every part.
So for this, I'm going to proceed with an event.
Name the event number.
Enter card expiry date CV.
And once this is explained, proceed for the payment gateway.
So I'm dealing with this.
So this is all about how we can create the registration estimate.
So for this purpose we need to create when the registration register.
So it also.
So go to the register that this.
So before that you need to create.
So let's like go to these source packages right click new and servlet.
Again.
I'm not telling you how to click that part.
Also to add it to the web dot XML file.
So go to that register dot java and I already created a report each and every code because it takes
time to run and go through with the code.
But while you are writing in the post time, it will take time.
But if you use through this part, this very easy part, I'm telling, so I am fetching from I am going
to HTML form and printing this.
So these are again, I'm going to use Duplass method, but before that you should remember what I'm
going to use here is in view event I'm using do get method.
So why I'm using do get method is.
I'm not.
I'm displaying it publicly.
Second thing, I don't want to waste time for off users on this to show that we went is so do we.
The method is very fast.
Then do post.
If I'm using glucose method, I'm not posting anything, I'm just selecting this and I'm displaying.
So do get method for the fetching the request.
It's very efficient so I'm using this.
So inside this registered or java as I told you this is print writer.
I am fetching from it HTML form from that card number and everything.
So inside this my sequence is different.
Not No, don't worry about your sequence.
Your form sequence is different and this sequence is different.
Nothing will happen.
So for my purpose for storing inside the database I'm using this sequence was card number.
Then you've indent, then CVB, then cardholder name in name and an event name.
I'm going to store it into the card database.
So, you know, this is the this thing.
Let me go some part of per year.
I am printing that connection with database.
So you know how we can connect to this, our database so similarly like that, you can show into the
database or connect to the database.
Then again, I'm printing or inserting this inside the database until the A6 values all the values inside
the card.
So always remember you have to create that similar rows inside the table of card like this CVV and etc.
connection or commit connection goes through inside the registration.
You always see the CV.
We should be in the password field like dot dot, dot dotted CV.
Then you can also use that.
If equivalent is not more than three, then there is an error.
If card number is not exist or it's valid, you can check or you can check for the expiry date.
For that, you can create such part.
Once it's done, you can go with this payment.
So payment estimate is nothing but showing the information your payment is done or something or proceeding
to the payment gateway, etc., etc. You can do that or proceeding or printing some.
Our transaction is page or transaction.
See anything you can do.
So this is all our register page.
So as I told you, you need to create a one payment.
So payment is like, not.
It's very simple.
I will print this.
Will come to payment portal.
You can use similar things you can use like.
Swimming beach, etc. are things you can add.
Payment is done.
Go to back page.
Anything you can print here.
I'm printing just this.
Once it is done you need you have created everything so inside this transaction details.
So as I told you this is all about the this part of the for the participants.
But you can create one another method which your participants should look like, which you inside registered,
which you inside don't register.
You can do that.
Also using the databases.
You can create some foreign keys.
Public key private keys, also not null methods.
Also inside the database.
I'm not considering very higher level database here, so I'm proceeding with the simple database here.
So for the admin part or admin end, we were left with one another method which is transaction details.
So for the transaction details, what I'm going to show I'm going to show one method here.
We reach transaction history for the estimates.
So in this part, I'm going to create one HTML inside the Java only.
So transaction history will look like this.
So it will ask me for everything I get method I'm going to use because I'm just fetching this from the
database.
Then I'm going to use similar database select start from transaction details and the event number event
name the name on that then payment payment date, etc., etc..
I'm going to display here.
So this is all about this.
Now let us see how we can deploy it on the part.
But before that, let us see what is the difference between this include and forward method.
So servlet request dispatcher is on different thing.
Request is dispatcher provides the interface to the facility to dispatching the request to another resources
like HTML, servlet, JCP, etc..
There are two methods forward which forward the request from the servlet to another.
Sources include contents include the content of the resources.
So how look like like for where the method is.
If request is sent, servlet is done, it should forward to the servlet to other way.
If it should show the response response again, another response is generated and is sent to the back
to the browser or user.
I can see inside the include method what is doing request send to the servlet.
It includes the solid to and again display to the servlet one only servlet one creates one another response.
We just find that response and is showing to the include method.
So it's very simple as you can see inside our query already created with log in so we can use this sorry
username or password is not exist or you can use welcome username anything you can use.
So let us see how we can deploy this part over this project on web.
So I'm going to run this first.
So we are using your local server if you want to publish this globally.
There are different things you can use.
You can use web hosting, which provides Java CE panel you can use.
Then Heroku app is also available on web.
We use this PostgreSQL.
So inside this you have to create one form or XML, which is properties DOT XML, which is available
on Internet.
And you can see that.
But for the purpose, I'm going to use your glossary server only with the local host.
So let us see how we can proceed with our project.
And we are already done with all the things I told you.
Inside this project, you can enhance it more with using some different techniques also.
So let us see how we can proceed with this.
So this is our main page, as I told you.
Go to the admin, log in.
I told you.
Then I'm printing this username.
I told you we already move this spot.
So we went details.
Then I told you we went.
So for the this you can do with this coding.
So I will already check this part.
Let us see how we can add another event here.
Event number is 2 a.m. printing this event name is virtual effects I printing this anything you can
name coordinate the name I'm printing this as a.
This only coordinator number.
You can print anything.
No need to worry about that.
For registration and printing.
250.
Europe is like this when you have event.
G.
You can print anything or.
In law.
Anything you can read?
I'm just giving the example.
I'm printing like 20th July 2021.
I'm.
I'm printing here.
Or you can use 2020.
You're your choice.
I'm printing.
I'm submitting.
So now you can see is added.
So let us see how our argument is added here.
So go to the View event link.
As you can see, our view and this is added to this part event details.
So let us see how we can proceed with our participant page also participant of events page.
Once you participant log in, we already have seen we can create sign up page go to the login page then
go to the this 101.
I already created the user then submit.
Now we can see our view events.
So these are two events we already have seen.
So let us see how we can register for the event.
So enter the event name.
I'm printing this virtual effects event number two.
Then enter card number.
I'm printing anything.
987641.
Or when I am printing expiry date is zero nine.
2020 CVB You can print anything your CV cardholder names and printing.
John's closest to payment.
So the is you can proceed it to the payment portal or anything you can do.
I'm just printing premium payment is done.
Go to backspace.
So this is creating a simple thing.
You can proceed with some like I'm going to approach it with PayPal only so you can further move to
the PayPal page or some third party payment portals also.
So this is all about this.
So let us see how we can see in the admin part this transaction history.
So go to admin login again.
I'm printing.
I'm going with username here.
Submit.
Transaction details.
So I want to view transaction details.
So as you can see, even number is to even name is this, name is this and payment.
So for this done this is done.
So you can create a one filter option here to filter that event names according to the payment date.
Also you can do so, etc., etc. You can do these things or you can add some payment date here.
So this is all about how we can proceed with our project.
So we are done with our project now.
You can move it further.
Some advanced things inside this.
So our event registration portal is done for the admin part and participant part is all.
Thank for this, so thank you for attending this.
And we already done all the parts here.
Thank you.